Update Snowflake account identifier instructions (#8956)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/local/connect-data-platform/snowflake-setup.md

### account
For AWS accounts in the US West default region, you can use `abc123` (without any other segments). For some AWS accounts you will have to append the region and/or cloud platform. For example, `abc123.eu-west-1` or `abc123.eu-west-2.aws`. 

> If your account is on GCP or Azure and you use the account locator as the identifier, append region and provider (for example, abc123.us-central1.gcp for GCP). See [Specifying Region Information in Your Account Hostname](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-regions#specify-region-information-in-your-account-hostname) in Snowflake’s documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
If your account is on GCP or Azure and you use the account locator as the identifier, you *might* need to append region and provider (for example, abc123.us-central1.gcp for GCP). See [Specifying Region Information in Your Account Hostname](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-regions#specify-region-information-in-your-account-hostname) in Snowflake’s documentation.
```

> For GCP and Azure-based accounts, you *might* have to append the region and cloud platform, such as `gcp` or `azure`, respectively. For example, `abc123.us-central1.gcp`. This only applies when you use your account locator as your account identifier, but account name is preferred. For details, see Snowflake's documentation: "[Specifying Region Information in Your Account Hostname](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-regions.html#specifying-region-information-in-your-account-hostname)". 

Reviewer: Can we frontload some of this info? "Account name is preferred" is a little unclear to me, if we include that can we elaborate a bit?

```suggestion
If your account is on GCP or Azure and you use the account locator as the identifier, append region and provider (for example, abc123.us-central1.gcp for GCP). See [Specifying Region Information in Your Account Hostname](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-regions#specify-region-information-in-your-account-hostname) in Snowflake’s documentation.
```
